lne is now if the only one are for
lacouture bowls 1999
they are not even know how many they are is the
only in the three weeks that it has been
played so far has made zero double
channel in the three programs that
we have before
[Music]
it does not seem
[Applause]
[Music]
the river
Y
[Music]
look good they were in jackpots 15 girls
for this year of the decretazo
I have in catteries that that was just
rebellion
we ended up true that is taken on
navona stomach
[Applause]
but I 'm going to kiss it a good
band
[Music]
finish
I do not want them
those hygienic the freshly laundered
I
the flannel is a jewel
[Applause]
this is a matter of principles are
never good is a mockery
yes
[Music]
[Applause]
yes
[Music]
if the tana and my sight never stopped being
gutter that makeup should be to fly
[Music]
if you notice
I see them if they have great eta 8 channel
followed
I had thrown
[Music]
[Applause]
and they snatch
you now that it seems that here the eyes
it works to deal off the track outside
of the court you are half court
to the breezes tomorrow being away close
the school
under this name
with actions
air out but here comes
luck there is pity for nothing
I already tell you the truth I liked it more than
you have the gutters to see who follows